Entry 1:Cientific Evaluation

This class evaluated articles found in the ACM library, in my case it was one about a sw for deaf people that tried to make learning Spanish
written easier.The article talks about why it is difficult for the deaf to learn the written language and why the sw that they would develop
would contribute to facilitating it. The problem when trying to evacuate the article begins there since the only thing they have is hypothesis, 
the sw have no more that a basic prototype that is not usable therefore nothing of what they say can be verified since although the content 
of the sw is based on research the sw itself has not been tested.

Entry 2:Affordance,Constraints,Mapping,Feedback

We learned those 4 concepts in 2 classes by reading Don Norman's book. Reading a little more about the book I found 2 other concepts:
Visibility: The more visible functions are, the more likely users will be able to know what to do next.
Consistency - This refers to designing interfaces to have similar operations and use similar elements for achieving similar tasks.
Although most of the terms are basic, I must say that I had never really thought about affordance, an issue that is extremely important 
when making sw.

Entry 3:Video about interfaces in a cruise app

I was struck by the fact that the stackeholders told them that they should do a sw that would reflect the experience of being on a cruise 
ship, apparently they did it because they said they delivered the product but I can't imagine how something like this would be done after 
all we are talking about the visual part but about the user experience, how do you make touching a screen an experience? Another thing 
they said was about putting something on the loading screens so that people do not feel that they are wasting their time , it is something 
super important that although it is in my daily life I had never stopped to think.
Although I understood something like half of the video it really helped me a lot.

Entry 4:Talk about a company using vr for a better customer interaction

It was a good talk although I do not agree with the issue that it was better as business policy was handled before in the sw taking the 
point of view of a supplier. Before most sw were a single payment, now It is about monthly payments which eventually ends up costing the
customer more so the provider ends up earning more and the problem does not end there since not only do the new sw come out with that 
business policy but the old ones are also changing to her.
Speaking of software engineers it is really incredible that a company of that size can earn so much money in no time even if it is 
managed by contracts which motivates enough if one wants to start their own business, of course, always well founded.

Entry 5:Interclass exhibition about final projects

A great variety of projects were exposed, most of them well founded, which taught me a lot about how the planning part of a project 
should be since they taking me a year of advantage know more than I. It is really incredible how some covered all the biggest questions
you could have about your project in less than 5 minutes.
